fix: documenting the SECRET_KEY_BASE usage with Rails applications (#1955)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/ruby/rails/2000-01-01-start.md

platform/deployment/buildpacks/2000-01-01-apt %}).

Some functionalities, for example HEIF support, will be available only by adding optional package dependencies, see [VIPS documentation for more information](https://github.com/libvips/libvips#optional-dependencies).

> ## Specify a secret key base

Reviewer: This is how titles should be written in English ;)

```suggestion
## Specify a Secret Key Base
```

Starting with Rails 4.1, you can now specify a [secret key base](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/Rails/Application.html#method-i-secret_key_base), 
which is used as the input secret to the application's key generator.

> By default, this value is randomly generated. But you can specify it using the `SECRET_KEY_BASE` environment variable.

Reviewer: I would specify that it is generated by the platform
```suggestion
By default, this value is randomly generated by Scalingo. You can change this default value by setting the `SECRET_KEY_BASE` environment variable in your application.
```
